# protein_folding_datasets

  This work presents datasets for the Protein Folding Problem (PFP), they consist in data of folding trajectories obtained by an in silico method.
  Three datasets are introduced in this paper, where one is based on the Fibonacci sequence (13FIBO) and the other two on biological sequences (2GB1 and 1PCY). Each dataset is composed of 1000 different trajectories data, which contains information on the structures of the protein during the folding process. In addition, it is also present the energy and radius rotation values for each structure.
All datasets proposed in this work are available in https://mega.nz/#F!O4wBHQiB!mpM81jK9ycbSKPvdP57avw

DM cesar: The program inside this folder is a C ++ program used to make the datasets from the input file "md_test_2gb1_alberts classification", whose input variables are the data of the protein.

Images_folding: This folder contains the program "pathway_print_multi-subplot.py", responsible for making the images and videos of protein folding.

Program Heamap Kabsch RMSD: contains the kabsch algorithm, used in the program "dataset_heatmap_kabsch.py" to create, from the datasets, an .npy array that will be used in the making of the heatmaps.

Heatmap: uses the .npy arrays generated through the previous program (saved in the "generate_dataset" subfolder) to generate heatmaps of the first generated structures and the final structures.

Programs: contains the programs "graphics.py", "rg.py" and "switch_rg.py". The first program uses the pathways of proteins and .npy matrices to generate the graphs of the spinning rays and heatmaps of each protein. The second program uses the protein pathways to calculate more accurate values ​​of the spinning radii, and in combination with the third program replaces the less accurate values ​​of the pathways by creating new files in a folder.

Results: contains the graphs and pathways generated by the programs.
